Add interview questions (#5)
lbarcziova/master-thesis: interviews/questions.md

# Interview questions

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How do you describe a release process? What does this term mean (in general)?
```

- Basic information about the project - the size of the project, nature of the project, frequency of changes
- Release planning: How are releases planned? Is there some schedule? Are there any requirements on
what to do before release (e.g. pre-release testing)?
- Release frequency, scope, and duration of the actual process of releasing
- How does versioning work (tagging schema)

> - Does the project use CHANGELOG.md? What does the GitHub release description look like? Does it contain the same notes as the content of CHANGELOG.md? Commit messages vs. changelog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do you provide/maintain a changelog? What does it look like? How do you create it and is it available? What does the GitHub release description look like? Commit messages vs. changelog
```

Maybe more generic? I don't think `CHANGELOG.md` is used everywhere...

- Is some part of the release process automated? How? If not, why not. If yes, is it satisfactory, or does the process still need a lot of human interaction?

> - Where does the release process end for the maintainer? Does the maintainer publish releases to some package management system (PyPI, npm)? 

Reviewer: :+1:
